Removing beta references on RunAsUserName page (#19016)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-runasusername.md

{{% capture overview %}}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.18" state="stable" >}}

> This page shows how to use the `runAsUserName` setting for Pods and containers that will run on Windows nodes. This is roughly equivalent of the Linux-specific `runAsUser` setting, allowing you to run applications in a container as a different username that the default.

Reviewer: Oops, one more thing.
```suggestion
This page shows how to use the `runAsUserName` setting for Pods and containers that will run on Windows nodes. This is roughly equivalent of the Linux-specific `runAsUser` setting, allowing you to run applications in a container as a different username than the default.
```

> This page shows how to use the `RunAsUserName` feature for pods and containers that will run on Windows nodes. This feature is meant to be the Windows equivalent of the Linux-specific `runAsUser` feature, allowing users to run the container entrypoints with a different username that their default ones.

Reviewer: An observation. With the documentation style guide in mind, I'd write something like:
```suggestion
This page shows how to use the `runAsUserName` setting for Pods and containers that will run on Windows nodes. This is roughly equivalent to the Linux-specific `runAsUser` setting, allowing you to run applications in a container as a different username than the default.
```
(technical detail, also in the original: is `runAsUser` Linux-specific? What about other POSIX-like platforms?)

This text was in the previous revision so I'm fine leaving it in. It'd be nice to see this tidied up for GA though.

Author: Updated the working here and in feature-gates.md.
(note: I left in the Linux-specific comment for now - as I'm not positive this works for all posix platforms)

{{% capture overview %}}

> 

Reviewer: You could replace this line rather than remove it:
```markdown
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.18" state="stable" >}}
```

Author: updated

> This page shows how to enable and use the `RunAsUserName` feature for pods and containers that will run on Windows nodes. This feature is meant to be the Windows equivalent of the Linux-specific `runAsUser` feature, allowing users to run the container entrypoints with a different username that their default ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows how to use the `RunAsUserName` feature for pods and containers that will run on Windows nodes. This feature is meant to be the Windows equivalent of the Linux-specific `runAsUser` feature, allowing users to run the container entrypoints with a different username that their default ones.
```
